APPLY Founders, CEOs, Business Owners: We’ll Build Your Personal Brand on , , , and more. Partner with us to build a viral, profitable Personal Brand that stands the test of time. Apply Trusted By 100+ Founder-Led Companies Why The Birdhouse? Early Adoption 𝕏 has over 600 Million active users. (over 1 billion during major news events) It will become the most used social media platform on the planet - the "Everything App". Fractional Personal Brand Hiring writers, designers, and strategists is hard. We've curated the best talent on the internet with 10 billion impressions under our belt. We act as not only content writers, but an expert personal brand team from day 1. Audience + Community Since 2022, we've generated over 20,000 unique buyers for founder-led companies. These range from software companies to Skool communities. The #1 way to build trust with your customers, is to create valuable content that positions you has a thought leader in your space. Book a Call What we do? We build a full creative brief, voice & tone, and avatar breakdown as a foundation for your Personal Brand. We create viral content that drives in your ideal audience without sacrificing reach. Quality AND quantity. We conduct in-depth market research to make sure you are positioned as the authority in your industry. Words from our clients Watch Video He Went From $10K to $100K/mo with Twitter & LinkedIn (How) Watch Video How He Scaled His Business to $100K/Month with Twitter (6 Months) Watch Video He Gained 200K Twitter Followers in 8 Months (Here’s How) Watch Video I Copied a Twitter/X Account That Makes $100k/mo (it worked?) Watch Video How to Turn 1 Video Into 10+ Viral Twitter/X Posts Our Process: Market Research and Competitor Analysis Done-For-You, Hands-Free Content Creation In-House Graphic Designer Inbound and Outbound Acquisition Systems Ready to build a viral, profitable Personal Brand? Book a Call White-Glove Service Customization About Us The Birdhouse was built to catalyze the growth and impact of high-value personal brands. 4 years ago, we took a risk to go ALL-IN on underrated social platforms like Twitter (now X). Today, we've proven they stand the test of time and are still untapped gold mines. With this in mind, we're positioned as the #1 go-to partners to build on 𝕏, LinkedIn, and more. Frequently Asked Questions How do I know the content will be 'on brand'? During our proprietary, AI-Powered onboarding, our team analyzes and collects your existing content, IP, personal story, brand guidelines, and more. This allows us to nail-down your brand while using our experience to put out content that gets results. ‍ How fast can we get started? Our in-depth, pre-launch onboarding process takes 10-14 days. ‍ How is The Birdhouse different? We are currently sitting on 10 billion impressions worth of data since 2022 across 100+ different Personal Brands. We uniquely know what goes viral, what generates leads, and what builds authority. Nobody in the industry has the attributable, monetary results that we do. How long before I see results? Results occur immediately, from Day one. The speed in which your brand “ramps up” depends on niche, existing audience size, and potential virality. Do I have to sign a long term contract? All of our agreements are month-to-month, which equally allows us to exit an agreement if the partnership doesn’t work for us. That being said, building a Personal Brand takes time - we recommend committing to the idea of building long term to see the best results. What does Pricing look like? Engagements start at $5,000/month and scale based on scope, amount of platforms, and the goal of our partnership. Courses Newsletter Resources Careers Newsletter Case Studies FAQ Privacy Policy ©2025 The Birdhouse. All rights reserved. A SILA Digital Creation