Demandii - A Demand Generation Agency WHY INVEST IN CEO-LED MARKETING ON LINKEDIN? WATCH THIS SHORT 15-MIN VIDEO to discover our simple 6-pillar LinkedIn CEO-led content system that is helping busy CEOs get consistent referrals, create inbound leads, and up their influence to micro-celebrity status from a monthly 1-hour interview. BOOK A STRATEGY CALL DOES THIS CEO-LED MARKETING STUFF WORK? Well, don't take our word for it, just read the testimonials below. Danielle Mckinley Co-Founder Axle Well, what I’ll say is I wasn’t looking for Demandii — I was looking to save time. I felt like I needed to get my message out, but it was going to be a huge burden. But after one phone call with Matt, it sealed the deal. This was everything I was looking for and what sold me was one-and-a-half hours a month. I could hire a marketing person in-house or hire Demandii for an hour and a half and get the same output. And I knew it was working when I saw more engagement, more private messages, more interaction, and more overall exposure on LinkedIn. It also created an opportunity to speed up the sales process in developing partnerships and getting momentum bringing in business. Cameron Herold Founder COO Alliance I only spend one hour a month on this, and they pull so much content together for me, and now they're actually creating that content into multiple channels. It's just a massive leverage of my time and they do such good work that I just get to show up, riff off the top of my head, and they pull it all together. The biggest opportunity for me, and actually quite frankly the biggest risk is I don't wanna tell too many people about this. It's kinda my secret weapon right now. This is a huge opportunity for anybody who's running the kind of 10-person to 250-person company to really leverage one aspect of your marketing that your team doesn't have the time or the skill set to put together. Lisa Reisman CEO MetalMiner We sell into the hardest market to sell into, procurement. And I wasn’t sure soft marketing, like personal branding on LinkedIn, would work in our world of hardcore manufacturing procurement. Also, never in my multiple decades in this career have I ever thought that I really need to lead with empathy or the human side of what our target market's roles are. It seems so obvious to me now, but I never would've done that if we hadn't met you. And that has been a big aha for me. I learned a lot from you in this process, including just how to structure workshops, presentations, and things like that. Tim Kilroy Founder Agency Growth Coaching Holy Guacamole. Matt & his team have LinkedIn content creation down to a science. You are taken through a thorough onboarding process. Then everything else is easy. You show up on a Zoom call for an hour, and all of a sudden all this stuff is being produced. Video, images, polls, challenging questions. The impact of working with Demandii is profound. Tom Collver Co-Founder pb+j What can I say about Demandii!? From the first interaction to our first call to our first moment working together, they have been a gift. They are open, cheerful, helpful, and always looking to add to your life and give of themselves and their ideas. They have equally encouraged and challenged; supported with lead gen and demand gen. They have shown results in only 3 months and I would recommend them to anyone looking to grow their sales pipeline (and just better understand what matters to them). Brittany Madden Founder Leverage Digital Design If you want your business to grow, work with the Demandii team. I’ve done many courses, coaches, and workshops, but none of them clarified my business objectives and grew my company faster than the Demandii demand generation method. If you want a systemized, fool-proof approach to growing a business you love running, then get connected with the Demandii team and get to work! IF YOU ARE HERE I GUESS THE TESTIMONIALS AND VIDEO WASN'T ENOUGH FOR YOU! Well, if that is the case, no worries let me guess on what you are struggling with. I bet you’ve got a B2B business that is working but you are looking for an easier way to get consistent clients for your B2B business so you can scale sales without it taking up ALL your time or having the need to hire an army of people to do it. You thought about creating marketing funnels and driving ads to those funnels, but it takes so much time, money, and effort. But, you know you probably need to hire a team to execute this well. People and teams take a lot of time to manage, time you don’t have. You thought about posting more on social media to stay top of mind but are not sure what to post and find it really hard to squeeze in your own marketing when you are so busy taking care of your clients, again time is your biggest hurdle. You thought about running cold outbound campaigns via cold email and LinkedIn DMs but are worried about coming across as desperate or as a dirty rotten spammer. Your reputation matters and you don’t have time to do tedious things like DM’ing. BOTTOM LINE: You want to grow your B2B business and get more people to buy your high-ticket products and services — without being in “marketer or selling mode” all day long, you need a system that creates massive leverage. Just imagine if you could build demand for your business in only 1.5 hours a month so that marketing and sales wasn't an issue anymore. WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITH THAT EXTRA TIME? FINALLY, YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO FIX OPERATIONAL BOTTLENECKS You’d finally be able to focus on fixing your operations bottlenecks, so you can get out of delivery of your products and services. FINALLY, YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO FOCUS ON TALENT ACQUISITION You’d probably have time and confidence to finally headhunt and poach the best talent because you know you’ll never scale without awesome people. FINALLY, YOU WOULD BE ABLE TO SEE THE TREES FROM THE FOREST You’d probably take some of that breathing room to think and focus on strategy. Thinking is hard and requires energy and space. YOU KNOW WHAT YOU NEED TO DO BUT YOUR BIGGEST OBSTACLE IS REALLY TIME. THE REALITY IS YOU CAN’T DO IT ALL ALONE NOR DO YOU HAVE THE TIME TO HIRE AND TRAIN OTHERS TO DO IT, HENCE WHY YOU NEED TO HIRE A PARTNER WHO’S DONE IT BEFORE. This is WHY you need to watch the video above to see our entire demand generation system and how it's helping busy B2B founders and entrepreneurs get clients and customers without it taking up all their time. Martin Perron CEO Bloom The Demandii team and Matt are the real deal. They helped us develop unique sales strategies and really unlock the potential of sales automation. Not only does the Demandii team provide innovative tools but they also bring a refreshing methodology and system that drives results. They are generous with providing advice, content, and insights that provide tremendous value. If you’re looking to work with Demandii, you won’t regret it. Lindsay Smith Chief Strategy Officer Title Alliance Matt and his team at Demandii have done a remarkable job creating and managing content for me on LinkedIn. As someone who travels 50% of the time, I don’t have the capacity to film, edit, and post daily. The Demandii process is seamless. I spend an hour a month talking about things that are important to me and their wizardry creates videos, posts, and quotes that are authentic to me. Then they post daily for me so while I’m on the road my content continues. I’m very happy with what they do and how they do it. Justin Goodhew Founder Trellis.org Matt offers an essential service for any startup that needs to bring in leads for their new product fast. Literally 2 days after I signed up with Demandii the automated lead engine was rolling, in 2 months I was able to hire another salesperson and they booked their first demo in a week after starting by using the Demandii system. If you are trying to grow your startup and need leads then using the Demandii system is the place to start. Highly recommended. IF YOU’VE BEEN STRUGGLING WITH GETTING NEW CLIENTS FOR YOUR B2B BUSINESS I AM HERE TO TELL YOU IT’S NOT YOUR FAULT There is so much noise, bad marketing, and sales advice for B2B businesses that most companies struggle with this. Just look at how many new marketing and sales enablement software and tools are released every year. If they all could solve your problems, why do they keep making more? You’ve probably been told that you need to spend money on ads and create complicated marketing funnels. Or you’ve been told to blog and create 10X content. Or you’ve been told you need a new website. Or you’ve been told to run webinar funnels. Or you’ve been told to create a newsletter. Or you’ve been told to speak on stages around the country. The list of things you could do goes on and on. BUT IT'S JUST NOT TRUE! These things take up time and money and often do not produce consistent results. All these things are just marketing tactics and marketing tactics are not going to provide you with the leverage you need to grow your business. They just keep you on the hamster wheel of marketing and never really produce consistent results. Most of it is just noise. You need tried and tested evergreen strategies that work every single time and that compound when deployed. It needs to be simple and predictable. Because you know fancy fails, but simple scales! Our simple demand gen system is built on evergreen principles that worked 50 years ago and will continue to work 50 years from now. Great marketers and great sales folks know the trick to building immutable businesses is to always start with the foundations of demand generation. Demand generation compounds. And as Einstein said, those that understand the laws of compound interest earn it and those that don’t, pay it. MOST B2B BUSINESSES ARE FOCUSED ON THE SYMPTOMS OF SOLID MARKETING: GATED FUNNELS LEADS SALES OUR SYSTEM FOCUSES ON THE ROOT CAUSES OF SOLID MARKETING: REMOVAL OF FRICTION TRUST COMMUNITY The bi-product of removing friction is you get to find leverage and talk to more of your ideal prospects. The bi-product of owning TRUST and COMMUNITY with your ideal prospects is LEADS AND SALES, because people ONLY buy from those they KNOW-LIKE-AND-TRUST. When people TRUST you, you can suck at sales and charge more. IT’S AN INCONVENIENT TRUTH WE ALL KNOW TOO WELL. WE ONLY BUY FROM PEOPLE WE KNOW, LIKE, AND TRUST. You should never try to sell anything without having trust first, unless you like being treated like a commodity. We should never ignore this truth. However, this is not a lead generation or sales problem. This is a demand problem. When you don’t have demand, it just means you have not earned your ideal prospects' trust yet. This is why we created a (DFY) done-for-you demand generation agency that specializes in building demand for B2B companies. THROUGH OUR B2B DEMAND GENERATION STRATEGIES, YOU WILL: Become oversubscribed so you create predictable marketing and sales systems. Move your business from the sea of sameness and catapult yourself from the red ocean into the blue ocean to appear like you have no competitors. Be able to articulate your ideal prospects' problems better than they can so they trust you to solve their problems, as everyone knows a problem can’t be solved until it can be fully articulated. OVER 3 DOZEN BRANDS LEVERAGE ‘THE ULTIMATE B2B DEMAND GENERATION SYSTEM’ Our (DFY) Done-for-You Demand Generation Services help you create all your snackable content in 1 hour each month so you can become omnipresent and multiply yourself. PLUS, our DFY services help you funnel dozens of high-quality prospects into a single 1-hour conversion event each month. This allows you to have a 1:Many selling system so you don’t need to hire an army of marketers and salespeople to close new business. AND, because we help you build an invisible demand generation funnel, people don’t feel ‘marketed to’ or ‘sold to’ so when they end up in your sales pipeline they are pre-sold. When you have pre-sold hot int